updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#15945)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/authoring-workflows-activities-and-expressions-using-imperative-code.md

  
 [!code-csharp[CFX_WorkflowApplicationExample#49](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CFX/cfx_workflowapplicationexample/cs/program.cs#49)]  
  

>  For more information about object initializers, see [How to: Initialize Objects without Calling a Constructor (C# Programming Guide)](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/how-to-initialize-objects-by-using-an-object-initializer) and [How to: Declare an Object by Using an Object Initializer](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/how-to-declare-an-object-by-using-an-object-initializer).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For more information about object initializers, see [How to: Initialize Objects without Calling a Constructor (C# Programming Guide)](../../csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/how-to-initialize-objects-by-using-an-object-initializer.md) and [How to: Declare an Object by Using an Object Initializer](../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/how-to-declare-an-object-by-using-an-object-initializer.md).  
```

  
 [!code-csharp[CFX_WorkflowApplicationExample#52](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CFX/cfx_workflowapplicationexample/cs/program.cs#52)]  
  

>  For more information about lambda expressions, see [Lambda Expressions (C# Programming Guide)](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/statements-expressions-operators/lambda-expressions) or [Lambda Expressions (Visual Basic)](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/procedures/lambda-expressions).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For more information about lambda expressions, see [Lambda Expressions (C# Programming Guide)](../../csharp/programming-guide/statements-expressions-operators/lambda-expressions.md) or [Lambda Expressions (Visual Basic)](../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/procedures/lambda-expressions.md).  
```
